update(docs): update readme to explain what it is briefly (#4)
kubernetes-sigs/kube-scheduler-wasm-extension: README.md

# kube-scheduler-wasm-extension

All the things to make the scheduler extendable with [wasm](https://webassembly.org/).

> This project is composed of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains everything needed to extend the scheduler:
```

- The SDK to build your wasm-ed plugin.

> - The scheduler plugin to load your wasm-ed plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The scheduler extension which loads and runs wasm plugins
```

## Motivation

Nowadays, the scheduler can be extended via 
- [recommended] add custom scheduler plugins based on [Scheduling Framework](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/scheduling-framework/).

> - configure [Extenders](https://github.com/kubernetes/design-proposals-archive/blob/main/scheduling/scheduler_extender.md)

Reviewer 2: Then it looks like 
```
Nowadays, the kube-scheduler can be extended via scheduler framework ..., but it requires extra non-trivial works

> - configure [Extenders](https://github.com/kubernetes/design-proposals-archive/blob/main/scheduling/scheduler_extender.md)

Author: > we didn't say anything why we should not use it. Focus on scheduler framework is general enough to me.

sg.

Although building scheduler plugins is the recommended way to extend,
it requires non-trivial works: 
When you want to integrate your plugins into scheduler,
you need to re-build the scheduler with your plugins, replace the vanilla scheduler with it, 
and keep doing them whenever you want to upgrade your cluster.

In this project, we aim that users can use their own plugins by giving wasm binary to the scheduler,
which frees users from the above tasks.

> And furthermore, users write their own scheduler plugins in any languages other than Golang as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthermore, programming language is no longer the problem anymore, you can use whatever programming language you like to build your own scheduler plugin.
```

# kube-scheduler-wasm-extension

[WebAssembly](https://webassembly.org/) is a way to safely run code compiled in other
languages. Runtimes execute WebAssembly Modules (Wasm), which are most often
binaries with a `.wasm` extension.
This project allows you to extend the kube-scheduler with custom scheduler plugin compiled to a Wasm
binary. It works by embedding a WebAssembly runtime, [wazero](https://wazero.io), into the
scheduler, and loading custom scheduler plugin via configuration.

This project contains everything needed to extend the scheduler:
- Documentation describing what type of actions are possible, e.g. `Filter`.
- Language SDKs used to build scheduler plugins, compiled to wasm.
- The scheduler plugin which loads and runs wasm plugins

> ## Motivation

Reviewer: here's a rephrase of your motivation in perhaps more natural English:

Today, you can extend the kube-scheduler, but it is non-trivial. To customize the scheduler means writing Go, and a non-trivial build process. Once you've built your scheduler, you have deployment and configuration work to have your cluster use it. This isn't one time work, as it needs to be redone on every upgrade of your cluster.

This project lowers that tension by making the default scheduler capable of loading custom plugins, compiled to WebAssembly (wasm). This removes the deployment burdens above. It also allows plugins to be written in languages besides Go.

Author: Great, I fixed based on your suggestion.
